# Twitter_Project
Sentimental Analysis on United Airlines data by extracting tweets from Twitter Using R programming with the help of TwitterAPI.

Our personal life is highly dependent on the technology that is being developed over the years. Technology has advanced with years and it has changed the way of thinking using the Data Science techniques as well. This project is based on sentimental analysis performed on Twitter data relevant to United Airlines using R programming. Twitter is a popular social platform for expressing our emotions, activities and popular for housing a massive amount of information around the web. In addition, Twitter can also be an amazing open mine for text and social web analysis. The Twitter API is simply a set of URLs that take parameters. Those URLs allows access to many features of Twitter, such as posting a tweet or finding tweets of specific person or specific topic that contain a word, etc. This project utilizes Twitter API to extract Tweets to analyze and filter the data in required form.

Sentimental analysis (opinion mining or emotion AI) refers to the use of natural language processing, text analysis to systematically identify, extract, quantify, and study affective states and subjective information. Sentiment analysis is widely applied to voice of the customer materials such as reviews and survey responses, online and social media. This process of computationally identifying and categorizing opinions expressed in a piece of text, especially in order to determine whether the writer's attitude is positive, negative, or neutral towards a topic, product, etc.
